1. How confident do you feel in your understanding and fluency with the for statement?  
I feel like 50/50. I get the logic and the structure of the command in regards to what each part does in the loop and how it's functioning, but I definitely am not fluent and am a little fuzzy on the syntax of spaces and ;  

2. This was a much more advanced concept than anything you've done in Mod 0, and the exercises required you to push yourself to apply other background knowledge or learn things outside of the curriculum - how did that feel? Did you have productive struggle? Unproductive struggle?  
I honestly skipped over a lot of the practice examples for the sake of time for this lesson and will revisit it tomorrow along with preparing for tomorrow night's lesson. It felt good to synthesize different concepts together and learn new methods for looping because I see how this will be realllly useful for future understanding of javascript's applications. So I will definitely be doing a remedial review tomorrow before moving forward with new material. It all felt like productive struggle and I never got to the point of not being able to google answers to reach out to other people. I think the biggest learning curve for me is to just get quicker at my study practices because right now I am moving pretty slowly through the material.

3. What do you still need to practice or learn? How will you do that? Do you need to adjust your calendar in order to do that?
What questions do you still have? How will you get the answers you need?  
The whole last practice section needs to be done tomorrow as I skipped that and just went straight to the assignment challenges and dedicated a while to it. Nicole and I had an excellent pairing session today and we agreed to jump into the study hall together this saturday. It's wonderful that we have each other to collaborate on notes together as resources and be able to help each other work through problems to organically understand and teach each other and ourselves better. I will continue to work on my time management with the pomodoro app which has been really helpful today already and try to harness the morning energy more efficiently as I really start to mentally slow down after 6pm these days.
